fix: create T1 if T0 dedicated (#1074)
orange-cloudavenue/terraform-provider-cloudavenue: .changelog/1069.txt

```release-note:bug

> `resource/cloudavenue_edgegateway` - Add Workaround where deactivate calculating remaining bandwidth and disallow to set it if the T0 VRF has a class of service `DEDICATED`. This is a workaround for a bug in the API and will be removed when the API is fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`resource/cloudavenue_edgegateway` - Added a workaround to disable remaining bandwidth calculation and prohibit its setting if the T0 VRF has a "DEDICATED" class of service. This workaround fixes an API bug and will be removed once the API is fixed.
```
